Contact Us Form with Python Flask Backend

Description:
This project is a Contact Us Form that allows users to get in touch with the website owners or administrators by submitting their messages through the form. The form will be built using HTML and styled using CSS to handle the frontend. For the backend, we will use Python Flask to handle form submissions and send email notifications.

Features:

1)HTML & CSS Frontend: The frontend of the Contact Us form will be designed using HTML and styled using CSS to make it visually appealing and user-friendly. The form will include fields for the user to enter their name, email address, subject, and message.

2)Python Flask Backend: We will use Python Flask, a lightweight web framework, to handle the form submissions and process the user's input. Flask will be responsible for receiving the form data from the frontend, validating it, and sending it to the email server.

3)Email Sending: To send emails, we will utilize Flask's email extension or library like smtplib. When the user submits the form, the backend will send an email notification to the website's designated email address, containing the user's name, email, subject, and message.

4)Responsiveness: The Contact Us form will be designed to be fully responsive, adapting its layout to different screen sizes and devices, making it accessible on various platforms.

Setup:

Install all required packages:-
Python:-
1)flask - For server
2)smtplib - for sending mails.

How install packages:-
1)pip install flask.
2)pip install smtplib.

How to Execute:
1)Start the Server: Open a terminal or command prompt, navigate to the directory where Server.py is located, and run the following command:
2)python Server.py
3)Access the Web Application: Once the server is running, you can access the Flask app by opening a web browser and navigating to http://localhost:5000/Login. You should see the response generated by the route defined in your Flask app.


Screeshots:-
1)[Preview image](https://github.com/venk404/PyFlask-ContactForm/blob/main/static/Preview image.png)


